Kendra Bracken-Ferguson
· 2nd

4X Founder Driving $500M+ in Revenue | 2 Exits | PubCo CEO (Nasdaq:CTCX) | Venture Capitalist ($15MM Venture Fund) | Board Member | Advisory Council (NASDAQ: AMZN) | Best Selling Author | Podcast Host & Public Speaker

Las Vegas, Nevada, United States

·

Contact info

13,957 followers

·

500+

connections



Taj Ahmad, Courtney and 8 other mutual connections

Message

Following
View my services

More
Profile enhanced with Premium

Highlights
Get introduced to Kendra

Ask your mutual connections to help you start a conversation.

Message top connections

1 mutual group

You and Kendra are both in Harvard Business Review Discussion Group

About
As an innovative leader, transformative brand builder and best selling author, Kendra Bracken-Ferguson leads with the mindset of an entrepreneur and intrapreneur having built a business experience portfolio that expands entrepreneurship, in-house corporate leadership, brand development, strategic planning, operations, venture capital, board membership, and C-suite leadership.
 
A trailblazing three-time founder with two exits, Kendra has raised over $50M for her own ventures and guided and monetized 200+ brands which have collectively generated more than $500M in revenue.

She is the founder of the global conglomerate BrainTrust, consisting of BrainTrust Agency, a global brand marketing consultancy; BrainTrust Founders Studio, the largest membership-based platform for beauty and wellness founders; and BrainTrust Fund I, a $15M venture fund investing in beauty founders. She is currently the Co-Founder of LumiNicole Beauty, an alternative retail network, revolutionizing beauty and wellness distribution through vending machines, pop-ups, and immersive experiences in airports, hotels, colleges, and high-traffic destinations.

Her first book,  "The Beauty of Success: Start, Grow, and Accelerate Your Brand" was the #1 New Release in Business Entrepreneurship on Amazon. Since 2020, she has hosted Business of the Beat business podcast with over 200 episodes featuring insights & behind-the-scenes stories from top executives and founders navigating brand growth and exits across the beauty & wellness industry.

Previously in her entrepreneurial career, she co-founded Digital Brand Architects in 2010 which later sold to United Talent Agency. She is former Business Partner of Halle Berry and served as the Interim CEO of rē•spin, a health and wellness platform originally launched in 2020 that she helped Berry create and launch. Shape Magazine said of Berry and Bracken-Ferguson; "Two Black women doing something that hasn't been done in this way is exciting. We're democratizing the space for health and wellness information because the research, the education, and the access to people of color is disproportionate."

Post pandemic, Kendra co-founded BeautyUnited, a nonprofit with the goal to make the beauty industry a more diverse and inclusive place.
 
She was named US Black Chamber Power 50, Essence Magazine's “Inspiring Black Executives Redefining The Face Of Beauty”, named Glossy 50, Ulta Muse 100, advisor to Blushington, member of DealMakeHers . Kendra has an endowment at her alma mater, Purdue University for a Black female freshman student.

Top skills

Business Development • Venture Capital • Brand Strategy • Public Speaking • Key Opinion Leaders

Services

Kendra Bracken-Ferguson

Award-winning entrepreneur, bestselling author, and strategic advisor with 20+ years of experience helping founders start, grow, and scale brands in beauty, wellness, and consumer industries. I support entrepreneurs with business plans, go-to-market strategy, brand growth, monetization, and investor readiness. My work connects strategy, storytelling, and capital to help founders turn great ideas into scalable, successful businesses.… more

Marketing Strategy

Brand Consulting

Strategic Planning

Public Speaking

Marketing Consulting

Writing

Business Consulting

Content Strategy

Show all
Featured
Article


"From Pre-K to 5th Grade: 10 Things I Learned as a Working Mom"

Kendra Bracken-Ferguson on LinkedIn

My daughter Tierra celebrated her last day of elementary school. I had already cried a few weeks ago when she told me middle school parents can’t walk

Article


"What Real Commitment to Founders Looks Like: Inside Victoria’s Secret’s Runway to Revenue Accelerator"

Kendra Bracken-Ferguson on LinkedIn

One of the most meaningful parts of entrepreneurship is being in rooms where people are genuinely invested in helping founders win. That’s exactly wha

Article


5 Wellness Productivity Hacks While Traveling

Kendra Bracken-Ferguson on LinkedIn

In the last two weeks, I traveled through six different states. Last week, I started in Columbus as part of my role as a proud mentor for the Victoria

Post

Will we see you tonight Grown Brilliance Lenox Square in ATL?  

Join me and Dametria Kinsley for cocktails, conversation, and honest reflections on entrepreneurship, building brands, and embracing the true beauty of success.

Would love to see you there! ✨

📍 Grown Brilliance at ATL Lenox Square Mall 🗓 Wednesday, May 13th  ⏰ 6PM–8PM

Hosted by Grown Brilliance in celebration of LumiNicole and Addie & Lea

DM me to RSVP! See you there!

#GrownBrilliance #LumiNicole #AddieandLea #thebeautyofsuccess


3 reactions · 1 comment3 · 1 comment

Article


Why Our Voices—Especially Locally—Matter More Than We Think

Kendra Bracken-Ferguson on LinkedIn

There’s a unique kind of courage it takes to step forward and lead. As founders, we know that feeling well; raising your hand, building something from

Show all featured items

Activity
13,957 followers


Posts

Comments

Videos

Images

Articles

Newsletters

Diary of a Founder 

Diary of a Founder is a weekly newsletter that explores my stories, challenges and successes of being a 4x time founder!

Published weekly · 4,092 subscribers


Subscribe

Your Invitation to Transformation

For months, LaShasta Bell and I have been inviting women to join us for a six-day luxury wellness retreat in Costa Rica. Today, we want to share somet

4 mins read


"From Pre-K to 5th Grade: 10 Things I Learned as a Working Mom"

My daughter Tierra celebrated her last day of elementary school. I had already cried a few weeks ago when she told me middle school parents can’t walk

6 mins read

Show all newsletters
Experience
LumiNicole Beauty logo
Co-Founder

LumiNicole Beauty

Feb 2025 - Present · 1 yr 5 mos

Las Vegas, Nevada, United States · Remote

LumiNicole is a next-generation multi-brand, AI-enabled retail platform that modernizes automated retail while creating scalable distribution access for beauty and wellness brands.

- Developed innovative automated retail marketplace creating opportunities for emerging brands, university partnerships, and workforce development initiatives.
- Established relationships with colleges, economic development stakeholders, and strategic partners to expand market access and entrepreneurship opportunities.
- Negotiated partnerships supporting regional business growth and innovation ecosystems.
- Designed expansion strategy focused on underserved retail environments and economic impact.
- Lead investor relations and fundraising oversight

Thumbnail for LumiNicole Ribbon Cutting at Adelphi University
Thumbnail for Adelphi University Selected as Flagship Launch Location for LumiNicole’s On-Campus Beauty and Wellness Retail Expansion
Thumbnail for LumiNicole Appoints Retail Pioneer Linda Johansen-James and Operations Leader Fred Collins to Advisory Board; Announces Rollout of 40 Automated Retail Stores in 2026
 Start-up Leadership, Retail and +2 skills

Luminary Blueprint logo
Co-Founder

Luminary Blueprint

Apr 2026 - Present · 3 mos

We build the teams that grow the brands. Vetted talent including ambassadors, influencers, interns, and strategists, delivered through an intelligent platform built for modern brands.

Thumbnail for Luminary Blueprint
Luminary Blueprint

AI-Powered Talent Infrastructure

 Business Development, Co-sourcing and +3 skills

LYS Beauty logo
Board Member

LYS Beauty · Contract

May 2025 - Present · 1 yr 2 mos

LYS is more than a makeup brand - it’s a movement. We’re on a bold mission to empower, inspire, and awaken your most confident self with uncomplicated products made for every occasion. Our skin-loving formulas redefine beauty for everyone with Sephora Clean formulas fit for a multicultural consumer. At LYS Beauty,

self-love is a lifestyle
affirmations are a daily practice 
beauty is universal 
rules are suggestions, and
negative self-talk is prohibited

Thumbnail for Clean Beauty Makeup & Skincare | LYS™ Beauty
Clean Beauty Makeup & Skincare | LYS™ Beauty

LYS Beauty is a clean color cosmetics brand founded by Tisha Thompson. Our mission is simple: champion non-conforming beauty through self-love and expression using formulas that your skin deserves. We’re all about celebrating exactly who you are - not telling you who you should be.

 Board Level, Board Administration and +2 skills

BrainTrust Fund logo
General Partner/VC 

BrainTrust Fund

Apr 2022 - Present · 4 yrs 3 mos

Los Angeles, California, United States

BrainTrust Fund invests in cultural and commercial leadership via breakthrough beauty and wellness products and services that everyone buys.

- Raised and co-managed $15 million venture fund investing in high-growth consumer companies. 
 - Source investment opportunities and conduct diligence. 
 - Support portfolio company growth, expansion, hiring, and market development. 
 - Build relationships with institutional investors, family offices, and strategic corporate partners.… more

Thumbnail for BrainTrust Fund Launches A $25 Million Fund To Invest In Black Founded Beauty And Wellness Brands
Thumbnail for BrainTrust Founders Studio 2024 Economic Advancement Report
 Investor, General Partner and +4 skills

Wiley logo
Author, The Beauty of Success: Start, Grow and Accelerate Your Brand 

Wiley · Self-employed

Feb 2023 - Present · 3 yrs 5 mos

Los Angeles, California, United States · Remote

The Beauty of Success: Start, Grow and Accelerate Your Brand was released on February 13, 2024 and named the #1 New Release in Business Entrepreneurship on Amazon. It is currently available on Target, Amazon, Barnes & Noble and more.

“If you have ever thought about becoming an entrepreneur―or if you are an “intrapreneur” climbing the corporate ladder―this book is for you. The Beauty of Success is an ultra-modern blueprint for navigating the path to starting, growing and accelerating your career while sowing the seeds of self-awareness and self-reflection. You’ll discover how author and 3x founder, Kendra Bracken-Ferguson aligned her personal pillars of community, mentorship, education, and capital with her business goals to bring her vision for building a successful company to fruition. Through her story, and the stories of other entrepreneurs from her podcast, Business of the Beat she shares helpful nuggets of wisdom and collective experience that will help you pursue an entrepreneurial career or follow your path to the top of your corporate sector. The Beauty of Success is your guide to discovering your own guiding pillars, finding what ignites your passion, recognizing your strengths, and safeguarding what makes you valuable.”

- Identify the values and pillars that guide your life and your career, and find ways to align with them every day

- Reconnect with your inner purpose and your passion, whether you are starting your own business or climbing to the top of the corporate world

- Transcend any barriers to open yourself to new paths and levels of success

The Beauty of Success will help you find your own professional north star―the principle or principles that will serve as your compass as you navigate your professional journey. You will also learn to appreciate the strengths that have gotten you this far, and how to leverage them to get where you want to be. Unlock your own success, find freedom, and carpe diem!… more

Thumbnail for The Beauty of Success: Start, Grow, and Accelerate Your Brand
Thumbnail for Order “The Beauty of Success: Start, Grow and Accelerate Your Brand
 Business Consulting, Entrepreneurship and +3 skills

Show all
Education
Purdue University logo
Purdue University

Bachelor of Liberal Arts, Communications

1998 – 2002

Activities and societies: Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Purdue Goldusters, Black Cultural Center

Keller Graduate School of Management of DeVry University logo
Keller Graduate School of Management of DeVry University