0:24 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
I'm well, how are you? I know, I apologize for this one. I'm a morning person as well, but it's three o'clock in the afternoon here. Yeah, yeah. Crystal just texted me half an hour ago. I'm not completely sure what's going on. Her aunt, she used to live in Switzerland and apparently her identity was stolen. So she just texted me frantically that she was on a call with Interpol. Yeah, one of those. She hopes to join but she said I'm freaking out yeah yeah I know so let's see um I hope you join us yeah and what about Julius can I just say how much I appreciate your discipline Brandon I think you're very disciplined, and I think you're very organized. And I think that you there's there's a certain quality of rock on about you, where you seem and not only as, as someone that you work with, but also to invest in, I think you, you give a really good show. You're welcome. Welcome. So I think Julius is joining us now. You did coordinate your jacket with the wallflower behind you. Yeah, I'm good. How are you? No, as long as the sun is out, everything's doable. Good for you. Listen, I was just saying to Krystal just texted me, and she started by saying, I'm freaking out. She was just called by Interpol. I heard, what? She used to live in Switzerland, and apparently her identity has been stolen. Yeah. And she said, I'm going into an investigation case. I hope to join you. At this time but if I'm running late I'll join you as soon as I can so I don't know what happened yeah because that's a big thing yeah anyway um thank you so much for being on time and joining should we start with the um with the agreement that you sent over. Is that a good place to start? Yeah. Yes, and this is a combination of my input and Crystal's input. I'll put them down here. So, the overall structure is fine. Well done, you guys. So, all adding up to a 1% equity, 24 months VEST. Milestone tied to real work. So, all good. Um then crystal says in her opinion and I think this is something we just either you say yes or no or whatever you say but she basically says biggest issue for her is that every milestone vests only at the company's discretion so you can basically say no for any reason so could we have some stronger language here that's a bit more fantastic. Also, the IP clause is really broad. Anything we can create belongs to you guys entirely. Need a carve out for my existing frameworks and methodologies. So, she's basically saying if she's in a methodology that she is bringing to the table. You can't own it because it is something that she either has developed or she has gotten from somewhere else. Because she will get into problems properly using it with another customer later. Yeah. Thank you. And then she says, no acceleration clause either. So, if If A4s get acquired, we're basically out on vested equity, simply just disappears. Wants to add a change of control clause. And then she continues, non-solicitation on investors is vague and could cause problems later. And then she says, that's the final thing. Before we sign, it could be good to see a cap table. Yeah. I think she covered most of it. I've got some notes as well. Just going to run them by you, see where they are. They're here. Yeah, my notes are more or less the same as hers, but add on milestone three specifically, which is the fundraising contribution. Our primary contribution here is through defining the narrative, positioning, and materials that support fundraising. We would suggest anchoring this milestone more directly to the use and impact of that work in investor-facing materials rather than requiring direct participation in investor introductions or discussions. And basically what it is, would you expect us to join your investor meetings? No. Cool. Then on milestone four, This is the launch execution. We see our role as defining the strategy and position that is carried into market. It would be helpful to clarify that this milestone reflects a successful execution of what that defined strategy, rather than requiring ongoing involvement in execution itself, it says. And then the final one I have, milestone approval. To keep things balanced and transparent and maybe also fair, we suggest framing milestones completion as a mutual alignment rather than solely at the company's discretion. So you're ensuring a clear and fair deal between delivery and outcome. So those are the input, if you like, You're great. Well done, you. Yeah. Then anything else on the agreement? Fantastic. Then let's go into the content that you've been creating. I normally don't do this, but I'll do it this time. I think you actually did a really strong foundation. Not bad, but look I'll into your CVs and what you've been doing in the past, I'm pretty impressed with your strategic thinking. And it also would give investors, people that you meet at retail, or even your TV appearance some solid ground here. I think you're solid rock, the two of you. Well done. Now really, there's a certain 360 degree, which inspiring to look at, and also with the speed that you go to market. You're doing well, I would say. I wouldn't have any hesitation in using a network around you guys. You're solid. Simply because Chris and I, we're specialized in strategy, we do see areas that can be improved where that could actually elevate you guys to an even stronger point. And that's what we would like to do with you guys. We would actually like to take a really solid work that you've been delivering and actually turn it up a notch. And to make it more human, but also anchor it in a Brandon and Julius's story. Because I think there is a secret to the two of you that I to in this meeting. And I would also sharpen it into something that can truly disrupt this category, which I don't think we are there yet, but I think we could get there pretty fast if we wanted to. Brandon, you did something really smart in the previous meeting. I received a great email with this summary of this meeting. How did you do that? Fantastic. And can you provide that service again? It's spelled in. Yeah, I clicked it, but I wasn't sure if that was actually the tool. Fantastic. And I think Crystal is joining us. Are you still Crystal?

13:50 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
bug.

13:55 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
So it's a scan call. Yeah. Sorry, you had to go through this. Yeah. Yeah. Chris. Yeah. Yeah. Chris, what we've been doing, we've just been going through the input on the agreement. I took it from your WhatsApp, and I added a couple of points as well. So we get a revised note from from Brandon. Yeah. Yeah. And we into the practicalities of a zoom call, we got another 40 minutes, and then we're going to lock back on to the same link. And then I think I managed to set up note taking. That's be shared with everyone else after the meeting. Otherwise, Brandon can probably help me in the right direction if I don't get it right. But I think I've done it. Yeah. So, Crystal, you didn't hear this, and we actually haven't talked about it, the two of us, but I actually complimented Brandon and Julius, because I think there's a method to the madness that we're going through here. And I think there are some solid work from the gentleman's side that we're really benefiting from And I wouldn't be afraid of actually introducing them to a wider network along the way, because I think what I can sense from where we're coming from, there is a solidity in how they approach this work. And I would take it for granted that they approach the business in the same manner, in the same way as they approach us. So I just shared that with Brandon and Julius. Yeah. So just going into it, Brandon and Julius, just so you know it, Crystal and I, we actually started to look into the investor deck that you shared with us, 13 or 14 pages. Simultaneously, we both exited the deck around slide four or five. And we'll come back to that in two seconds. And it wasn't because it wasn't useful, but it became a bit overwhelming. And we weren't sure if this was the right way to to start, but we'll get back to it. But just so you know, there's some stuff in that investor deck that made us both exit. What we do appreciate, though, is that you put us in on the final page. And if you would be open to it, we would be happy to provide you with a revised blurb terms of who we are that could be more beneficial for this part of the work. So we'll get back to you with that. Then we thought that the time this morning, your time, should actually be spent on the work that you've been doing. So the core, your human narrative, primary behavioral entry point, and simplified system Thank you so much for doing this work and getting it to us 24 hours ahead of our meeting. Highly appreciated. We would want to ask you to take us through it and just explain what you mean with it. We will react to some of the stuff, but we're not going to come and say we think we should be doing like this, would you be open to this, but we will take you down a road once you have preserved just to hear if that would resonate with you. Before we go there, we also need to revisit the target group discussion that we had in our last meeting. And this is where we actually decided that the target group here was going to be professionals. And I think we talked about traders on the floor in Wall Street, We talked about law firms. And you could probably add VCs into the mix. And you have a background with Morgan Stanley. So we were talking about these type of people as the primary target group. Is that correct? Yeah. This actually led to a discussion between Crystal and I that I would like to share with you. To get your feedback on it because if we define these people you can't help to think about Gordon Gekko and this whole 80s what was it wolf on wall street thinking which was about scrupulous behavior on And it was all about me, me, and all about the winner-takes-it-all attitude. And on the other extreme end, over the last eight to ten we've been going through a counterculture in terms of behavior and thinking. That's been not about me, me, but it's been about inclusiveness. It's been about Black Lives Matter. It's been about Me Too. It's been about I want to be a part of a group and we actually, for all the right reasons, step up to the greater benefits of human living. Even though you work on Wall Street and even though you work VCs and whatever have you. Sustainability became a big thing for venture capitalists and whatever have you. So there was a greater good coming up here. And these are two extremes when we look at this target group. Where do you think, from a zeitgeist and also from a narrative point of view, where would you see the target group if you had to put words to their behavior today in 2026? One of the key things is having a point of view this could potentially actually have an impact on how you go to market and with what language you're speaking if we go to the first extreme say the lonely wolf from Wall Street it's all about him or her it's all about I will actually close this deal and I do not care if I step on anyone's shoes or someone dies I'll just get to where I need to be. And that could be a certain language which could resonate with certain people. When we look at the US market right now, there are some proliferations where you have, say, like a MAGA cult on one side, you also have extreme Christians sitting there, and you have very liberal people sitting somewhere else. So, trying to understand the US market based on your experience could have an impact on language, visuals, whatever have you, especially if you want to disrupt the market. We are asking the question. Thank you. There's no doubt that over the last seven to eight years, the keyword that you brought up, I think it was you, Brandon, about inclusiveness has been a really big trigger and was almost considered counterculture when that was framed. But 10 later, it doesn't ring with the same provocation and disruption as it did 10 years ago. Even when we talk about sustainability, it has got very little currency. Ago, 10 we all wanted to get involved with the right manufacturing, the right ingredients, fair trade, fair pay, no discrimination, no sexual harassment, whatever have you. It was all a currency that you actually sold to the consumer as a part of your brand ethos, but it doesn't disrupt anymore. So it's just a healthy discussion to have right now. If we want to disrupt the market, what are the key values that we want to disrupt the market with? Because there are a lot of soft drinks on the market. There's a lot of electrolytes and vitamin drinks and whatever have you. It's already there. So what is it that A4s could potentially go to market with that had an extra speak to it that actually went like, oh, wow, they are actually disrupting the market. They are defining the category. They're coming up with a new point of view. And from now on anything that enters the market would actually be benchmarked against AFOS. That would be a fantastic place to get to. So the question is what is the tonality, what are the values that we should be talking about when we talk about that specific talking group here. Thank you. I do understand where you're coming from, Julius, but one of the key things is when you want to build a brand, you need two components to it. You need exactly what you delivered there, so the rational reason, what's in it for me. But you also need the more seductive, the emotional part of it, which is about what superpower do I almost get from this, if you like, What are the intangibles, what are the emotional values I'm buying into with this brand. There's a couple of brands who manage quite well. I think Apple does not only provide a great computer, but it's almost also that you associate yourself with. These are the created class, if you like, You're almost sending out a signal. If I'm using Apple, I'm an art director. I have a point of view from a bigger point of view than you would expect. I would be able to talk about this and this and this. This is what the Apple computer actually signals. So there's another benefit to buying into the computer except for you can send an email and I can go online with it. Do you have any thoughts on this one? Thank you. And if we take that... It was a Kenyan runner, wasn't it?

28:42 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

28:48 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
One of the key things, if we tied back to the target group, Wall Street traders, lawyers in high-stake cases, venture capitalists making decisions under pressure, founders like yourself building companies, senior operators responsible for outcomes, what really defines all of them is that they are judged by how they perform are not necessarily what they say. There's this whole thing about that they don't get a second chance in key moments, but they still deliver. They feel the cost of being off immediately. They rely on consistency, not occasionally peaks. They are so mentally sharp in terms of what they're going to perform. And now we're back to you guys, Julius and Brandon. If you told Crystal and yourself and myself about what drives you into a force, how would you characterize yourself and your performance? I've just been giving you a really nice compliment this morning about how good you really are. What would you say is your secret? To actually embark on this endeavor and actually get sponsors, seek capital, retailers, TV interested in you. What is it that drives your success at the moment? That's fantastic. Julius?

30:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Bye.

30:50 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
you That's very nice as well. What the two of you said, and I started to put persons into it that are publicly known. I would get to Kobe Bryant. It's about relentless consistency in his performance. Even LeBron James, where you actually have long term performance. We have Jamie Dimon, high stakes decision maker, even Elon Musk, who tolerates a lot of pressure And finally, also Beyonce. You never see an off performance from her. It's all rehearsed. Once you take people and you then turn to brands, and again listening to what the two of you are talking about, a couple of brands springs to mind. I think the Swiss watchmaker Rolex, It's all about precision and reliability. You actually trust them. And I actually trust the two of you. And I think Crystal does as well. I also trust BMW. I trust them to deliver performance standard here. I also trust Apple in a seamless execution. I also trust whoop performance awareness. So all of these things and all of these brands, they just don't perform when they feel like it. They perform because they have to. That's the true value in them and you can rely on them. You actually trust Beyonce to go on stage and deliver such a professional show at 2.30 in the morning if she had to. And that is what A4 should do. It should deliver for you the minute you need it, and you can trust it, and it will relentlessly be there for you. So in today's world, you're not defined by what you claim. You're defined by how consistently you perform under pressure. That is a new value, which is far away from Wall Street 80s, and far away from inclusive vogue-ness. This is about the talk and delivering it consistently again and again and again. This is where we want to be with A Force. It is a new status, and it's the status where it's not about what you show, but how consistently you perform. It's about performance that defines you. It's for people who don't get to be off, because performance is non-negotiable. And that almost takes A-force away from an OS system, and even takes it away from hydration, if you like, and takes it into the land of performance. How do you feel about that? Mm-hmm. Julius, you're aligned with that. And suddenly we got where you started, Julius, where we had one part of the yin-yang, if you like, which was about, this is what the product is. But we also got another emotional part about performance. And this is what investors will be looking for you and Brandon to do, perform, deliver. And we'll actually count on it. We'll count on it so much, we're going to give you money because we would consider you to be stable, rock. And that's the reason that we're buying into you and we need to get that feeling into the product communication. It's about not hydration, it's not about an OS system, it's about the performance. Crystal, any thought from your end? Yes. And it should be like if I woke Julius up at the 2.30 morning, I could count on him. If I woke up Julius at morning 2.30 and I gave him an A-force, he would actually deliver the business. If I woke Brandon up at morning, 2.30 he would actually secure the entire business proposition and actually go and sell sand to Sahara because he can. And that's the kind of strengths that you will bring into the product and I as a buyer will buy into that not only does the product deliver that, but the founders deliver that as well. It's that synergy between the inception and the product that needs to be aligned. And if we go in that direction, your TV presentation would be fantastic. Because it will be about your performance. It won't be about the product, it will be about you guys. And then we're back to the American dream. People would love to hear how people struggled, but they made it true. Because I think Crystal and I, we know this is not an easy task that you're undertaking right now. It's a lot of work, it's a lot of downs. There are some ups from time to time, it's a struggle what you're about to pull off and we want to hear all the struggles we want to see all the problems but we also want to know that you made it and so does the investors so does retail so does everyone and only in that moment when we know you're about to make it I'm going to throw crowd funding in your area at a tv show so we want to hear And we will see how you actually perform under pressure. And that's actually the implicit idea of a force. It helps you to perform. And yes, by the way, it hydrates you. Yes, by the way, it comes with an operating system. Yes, by the way, it does all of that. But the intangible thing that it really does, it takes you to performance. That's where we want to go. You Hey Julius. Just waiting for the rest to join. I really like that. Pardon? The last time I was in the States was two years ago. I used to go there regularly. I used to go there once a month for 10 years. New York and San Francisco. Yeah, very nice. Very civilized. Do you come to Europe? Fantastic. And did you get to meet Lisette there as well? Nice. Very nice. Crystal and Brandon, welcome back. Crystal, you were about to say something fantastic. Fantastic, I know. In this meeting, we can go to different places right now. We can go, and I would love to get your perspective where you would like to go. We know intuitively, strategically, that the story you need to tell is two-folded. You need the rational what's in here, in the product, but you also need the emotional story, so the performance story. We can either go to the work you've been doing and we can go through it and Crystal and I will take notes and we'll get your thinking on it. The other alternative is we can make it a really short meeting. You've probably got a lot of stuff on your hands already so we could go to a place where Kristal and I, we've been going through the work you've been doing and it's good. It's not completely where it should be yet because we need the performance to go there as well with it. So you could also say we would like to break the meeting right now and we'll meet Thursday, Friday, whenever this week and by that time Kristal and I will actually have taken a look at your work and we would have twisted it into performance. So what would you like to do. Yes, it does. Oh, wow. Fantastic. A fantastic place. So, Crystal, should we, should we at least say whatever you need to say? Here, but should we make a promise that Thursday could be a good time for us to get together where Brandon and Julius have given it a go at their end and we'll be giving it a go at our end as well? Yes. Fantastic. What time, say If we went for Thursday, what time would be a good time for you when we need to take into consideration Barcelona, Central European time and Julius? You're open. Yes. Yeah, I think that's three o'clock Central European time. It's Portugal that's one hour ahead. Spain is still within CET, isn't it, Crystal? Yeah. So would nine o'clock suit you, Julius, on Thursday? Fantastic. Great. Then let's reconvene with the notion of performance. I'm going to share the invite with you guys. I estimate that we will be done with 90% of all work within 10 days. And I think we need to have that speed as well, so it can benefit all discussions coming up. And then we can refine it, refine it, refine it until it sits into a TV script, until it sits into a retail pitch or whatever we need to do. But the core should be done in 10 days time. Fantastic. Thank you so much. Yeah. I bet. Time to perform. What was that, Julius? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And Julius, you have a safe flight. It's just fine. Thank you. Hey, you. So sorry you had to go through that.

51:29 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
happening here?

51:30 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yeah.

51:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

51:47 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
Never been a bird. Did I gave my ID to someone? I said, well, if I'm checking into a hotel, of course I gave my ID, but have I been in Belgium about Mexico lately. So the first call was very convincing. And it was like, it's like, and then halfway through, I'm like, okay, how do I know you're real? How do I know? Like, you can note down my name and my office number, my bench number. And I think it was like, after 30 minutes, okay, we need to now give you to Europol. And I know, yeah. And I'm like, okay, but how long is that going to take because I'm going to be in a call in 30 minutes.

52:28 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
Yeah, being that rational about it.

52:31 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
Yeah and he's like well you can be it's up to you like they want to just clear your name so yeah I would highly recommend to do it now and just like say my badge number and my ID and the case number that you're part of and it was like about 400,000 Swiss francs that was being laundered And she kept on repeating, on a formal record, do you recall there were 20 credit cards or 10 credit cards open on your account? And I didn't really understand her because she was Indian. So I asked her, is it 10? She repeated the question again. And I still couldn't understand her. Well, if you say 10, then no, I don't. And then she went to all the accounts open on my name and and then this other guy he was all the Indian and then I thought okay this is weird but he said like yeah so I'm officer David like you know right start spell my name I write it down what is your case number this is my badge number write it down and and then he started asking about like like if I would also have like ten accounts on my name and I'm like well I don't so well let's then go over the accounts you do have and I said well how How do I know this is not a scam? And he goes, well, I'm only asking for your accounts. I'm not asking any personal information or details. I'm like, all right. And look up this number. You can see it was a Europol number. I can't call you from this number. And then he started calling from that number. It was all so obvious. But then I said, OK. But at the end of it, it's like, OK, wait a minute. And your accounts. So in order to do so, an officer will visit you and then sends you your new, gives you your new ID, because we need to block all of your IDs to make sure that you're not, yeah, you can't open any more accounts on this number. And in order to do so, you need to transfer the money to a certain account, and I'm gonna help you to get through those steps. And then I'm like, wait. Yeah. So I'm like, well, I'm not going to transfer my money to anyone. And he goes, well, then you got to go to court. And I said, well, can you just call me back? I need to talk to someone about this. Cause I honestly, I just, I'm very confused. I don't understand what's happening. And he goes, well, if you do that, then do know that that person is only going to be part of this investigation.

55:03 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Yeah. What a scam. Yes, and rehearsed. Yeah, and racing.

56:01 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
I just told you I'm not in the country otherwise you wouldn't have known and then he's like oh we can see that and I thought well I guess you're into porn you can't see that I don't know.

56:13 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
Crazy.

56:14 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
Yeah I know what do you think it's a step right?

56:20 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
The only I mean I I must admit that you must get inspired by this, because it is so well done. And they take advantage that you're really confused. And you're shocked. So you're not in a stable, normal mood when you get And, wow! Yeah, but you don't know. But then again, if Interpol or whatever, Europol, would get involved, I guess they would come and pick you up. Very bizarre. The only time I've been scammed was I did a job in Bangladesh and they were to transfer my fee and it didn't come on time so I started sending a notice to them and they replied back but we have sent it here is the confirmation here is everything you can see it's been transferred to your and everything was correct. But the money was not there. And it went on for a week and suddenly I did a reply and suddenly I realized that there was a spelling mistake in the email, in the email address. So what happened was a hacker group had interfered our communication. Every time I wrote to them, I didn't write to the company Bangladesh, I wrote to a scam organization in the Philippines. And they took the money. They took the money. Yeah, they took it. It never landed on my account. So that poor company in Bangladesh had to pay twice. And I was just thinking, had this been my mother who you know, alert when it comes to digital emails and whatever have you. She would never have realized what was going on. Oh, fuck. No way. No way. Yeah.

59:21 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
Even I made a lot of notes. Do you know this address in Switzerland? There's like two addresses in Bern in Switzerland where your name is being used. Oh yeah, they started like, oh yeah, there's a Toyota Camry, this number plate printed under your name was blood found in it and I'm like and now I think back of it I'm like wait this this is just a massive joke now I feel stupid but yeah officer Lucy Stella to police and burn yeah yeah you're part of my international case it's been like nine crypto wallets have you ever used like your these accounts, what accounts do you have, we need to clear them. No way.

1:00:12 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
I guess not, I guess not.

1:00:15 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
But yeah, it's like, if you have been transferring 400,000 your knowledge from the I guess I'll see if I'm being kicked up the ear or not.

1:00:46 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
No, you're not. I promise you, you are not. This is a scam call, 100%. Oh, I'm sorry you had to go through that, first of all.

1:00:57 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
Yeah. And I was on record in this. You can delete it, like from the transcript.

1:01:06 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
I don't know if I can, I probably can.

1:01:24 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
to do it sufficiently.

1:01:51 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
It shoots nothing at us. You Not exactly. Absolutely.

1:04:05 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
Do we want to send them the notes?

1:04:10 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
I'm trying to do it right now, to be honest with you. I'm trying to do it. Did you receive anything A recap. I've got a review report. Let's see.

1:04:35 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

1:04:37 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
You don't have it. I have it here. Have it here. Copy. Because if you didn't receive it, I guess the guys didn't receive it either. What I'll do, I'll send a new mail out. Put it all in. I'm going to share it with you. It's so stupid because it's half Danish and half English. How stupid. So I need to just put it into an AI and just make it in one language. It's literally a recap. It says, open with a brief check-in while waiting for late arrivals and establishes a line on the agreement. Hang on. And sharpen A4s into a launch-ready plan. I don't know what A4s are. The group then closely reviewed the proposed agreement and investor-facing materials. Peter and Crystal raised concrete legal concerns about milestones, vesting at company discretion, overly broad IP assignment, lack of acceleration, slash change of control protections, and a non-solicitation clause tied to investors, and requested stronger contract language plus a cap table before signing. The founders agreed to return the package to their legal team and share a revised note afterwards. Then discussion shifted into investor and go-to-market materials. The consultants were asked to present a human narrative, a behavioral entry point, and a simplified system logic for the deck, and the group promised targeted feedback, and revised blurb for the DEX final page. The team debated a primary audience of high-pressure performers, traders, lawyers, VC founders, senior operators, and cultural positioning between a self-focused wolf persona and modern inclusiveness, concluding that the write-up should foreground consistent performance under pressure as the core value. Participants endorsed storytelling that shows founders struggle and proof of performance to persuade investors and retailers, and suggested embedding that performance message across product communication and media opportunities. And that's it. I guess it's a good recap, but it lacks all the nuances, if you like,

1:07:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:08:11 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 1
Yeah. But it's interesting with Zoom, I have two versions here. I'm still working my way around Zoom. Especially because I'm the facilitator. I have a much more detailed here that I'm also going to copy into the email.

1:08:40 - Conference Room (Peter Ingwersen) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

1:08:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Peace.